major refactor of configuration page structure and content (#491)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/configuration/commerce-configuration.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set up your site using the [Site Creator Tool](https://da.live/app/adobe-commerce/storefront-tools/tools/site-creator/site-creator), the `config.json` file is created and added to the GitHub repository created for the boilerplate code. You can review and update the default values in the `config.json` file after the process completes.
```

Author: I think this conflicted with a prior applied feedback - can you re-review this specific one.

In this section, you'll learn how Commerce blocks in your storefront connect to a Commerce backend using values from either your site's [public config](https://www.aem.live/docs/admin.html#schema/PublicConfig) or a [config.json](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/blob/main/demo-config.json) file in your code repo.

The configuration is organized into several key sections:
- **Endpoints** - GraphQL endpoints for Commerce and Catalog Services
- **Headers** - HTTP headers required for API authentication and store context
- **Analytics** - Store and environment metadata for tracking and reporting
- **Plugins** - Configuration for various Edge Delivery Services plugins and features
- **Multistore** - Settings for multiple store views and internationalization

When implementing your own project, you must update the configuration values with:
- The header values specific to your Adobe Commerce Catalog Services environment.

> - The Adobe Commerce and Catalog Service GraphQL endpoint that you configured as part of the [content delivery network (CDN) setup](/setup/configuration/content-delivery-network/).

Reviewer: Swap order to match order in config file

```suggestion
- The Adobe Commerce and Catalog Service GraphQL endpoint that you configured as part of the [content delivery network (CDN) setup](/setup/configuration/content-delivery-network/).
- The header values specific to your Adobe Commerce Catalog Services environment.
```

A JSON object that maps properties and values used by the Commerce boilerplate.

The storefront configuration is a JSON object which lives in the [config-service](https://www.aem.live/docs/config-service-setup) and contains the connection settings for your Commerce blocks. The boilerplate repo also contains a `demo-config.json` file that can be renamed to `config.json` instead of using the config service, although we suggest using the config service.

> At the root, there is a `public` property which should not be changed, and a nested `default` object. This `default` object is the root level config that is used for your storefront. The config object contains properties and values which correspond to a specific setting or usage in your Commerce backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the root, there is a `public` property which should not be changed, and a nested `default` object. This `default` object is the root level configuration that is used for your storefront. The config object contains properties and values which correspond to a specific setting or usage in your Commerce backend.
```

</Vocabulary>

## Configuration Sections

> The following sections detail each part of your "configuration" as it pertains to Adobe Commerce. Each section includes placeholders (marked with `{{PLACEHOLDER}}`) for values that you must replace with your specific Commerce environment details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following sections detail each part of your configuration for Adobe Commerce. Each section includes placeholders (marked with `{{PLACEHOLDER}}`) that you must replace with your specific Commerce environment details.
```

> You can find your configuration in your code repo at either `/config.json` or `/demo-config.json`, or in the config service for your site. If you do not have a configuration yet, you can use the [Config Generator tool](https://da.live/app/adobe-commerce/storefront-tools/tools/config-generator/config-generator) to automatically generate the appropriate configuration for your backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find your configuration in your code repo at `/config.json` or `/demo-config.json`, or in the config service for your site. If you do not have a configuration yet, use the [Config Generator tool](https://da.live/app/adobe-commerce/storefront-tools/tools/config-generator/config-generator) to automatically generate the configuration for your backend.
```

### Endpoints

> The endpoints propertiees define the GraphQL API endpoints for your Commerce backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoints properties define the GraphQL API endpoints for your Commerce backend.
```

```json
{
  "commerce-core-endpoint": "{{COMMERCE_CORE_ENDPOINT}}",
  "commerce-endpoint": "{{COMMERCE_ENDPOINT}}"
}
```

**Configuration Properties:**

- **`commerce-core-endpoint`** (read/write) - Core GraphQL endpoint for queries and mutations. This endpoint handles all write operations and some read operations. See [Adobe Commerce GraphQL API](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/reference/) for details.

> - **`commerce-endpoint`** (read-only) - Services GraphQL endpoint optimized for read-only operations with Catalog Service, Live Search, and Product Recommendations. It is also optimized for performance for product data retrieval. See [Catalog Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/catalog-service/installation#access-the-service) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`commerce-core-endpoint`** (read/write) - Core GraphQL endpoint for queries and mutations. This endpoint handles all write operations and some read operations. See [Adobe Commerce GraphQL API](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/reference/) for details.

- **`commerce-endpoint`** (read-only) - Services GraphQL endpoint optimized for read-only operations with Catalog Service, Live Search, and Product Recommendations. It is also optimized for performance for product data retrieval. For details, see the following documentation:
   - For Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, see [Catalog Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/catalog-service/installation#access-the-service) for details.
   - For Adobe Commerce Optimizer, see [Merchandising Services](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/)
```

> - **`commerce-endpoint`** (read-only) - Services GraphQL endpoint for Catalog Service, Live Search, and Product Recommendations. This endpoint is optimized for read-only operations and provides enhanced performance for product data retrieval. See [Catalog Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/catalog-service/installation#access-the-service) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`commerce-endpoint`** (read-only) - Services GraphQL endpoint optimized for read-only operations with Catalog Service, Live Search, and Product Recommendations. It is also optimized for performance for product data retrieval. See [Catalog Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/catalog-service/installation#access-the-service) for details.
```

### Headers

> The headers section defines HTTP headers required for API authentication and store context. Headers are organized by scope to apply different authentication and context settings for different types of requests. The specific headers required depend on your Commerce environment type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The headers section defines HTTP headers required for API authentication and store context. Headers are organized by scope to apply different authentication and context settings for different request types. The specific headers required depend on your Commerce environment type.
```

<Tabs>

<TabItem label="Adobe Commerce (PaaS)">

Adobe Commerce PaaS environments use standard Adboe Commerce header naming conventions and require API keys for SaaS services.

```json
{
  "headers": {
    "all": {
      "Store": "{{STORE_VIEW_CODE}}"
    },
    "cs": {
      "Magento-Customer-Group": "{{CUSTOMER_GROUP_HASH}}",
      "Magento-Store-Code": "{{STORE_CODE}}",
      "Magento-Store-View-Code": "{{STORE_VIEW_CODE}}",
      "Magento-Website-Code": "{{WEBSITE_CODE}}",
      "x-api-key": "{{API_KEY}}",
      "Magento-Environment-Id": "{{ENVIRONMENT_ID}}"
    }
  }
}
```

**Header Scopes:**

- **`all`** - Headers applied to all GraphQL requests
  - **`Store`** - Store view code for Core GraphQL requests. See [GraphQL Headers](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/usage/headers/) for details.

> - **`cs`** - Headers specific to Catalog Service requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`cs`** - Headers for Catalog Service requests
```

  - **`Magento-Customer-Group`** - Customer group hash for pricing and tax calculations. See [Customer groups](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/customers/customer-groups) for details.

>   - **`Magento-Store-Code`** - Determines the store to connect to. See [Create stores](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-3-create-stores) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`Magento-Store-Code`** - Store to connect to. See [Create stores](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-3-create-stores) for details.
```

>   - **`Magento-Store-View-Code`** - Determines the store view for Catalog Service requests. See [Store views](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/site-store/store-views) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`Magento-Store-View-Code`** - Store view for Catalog Service requests. See [Store views](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/site-store/store-views) for details.
```

>   - **`Magento-Website-Code`** - Determines the website to connect to. See [Create websites](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-2-create-websites) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`Magento-Website-Code`** - Website to connect to. See [Create websites](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-2-create-websites) for details.
```

>   - **`x-api-key`** - API key to access SaaS services (Catalog Service, Live Search, Product Recommendations). See [Commerce Services Connector](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/user-guides/integration-services/saas) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`x-api-key`** - API key for SaaS services (Catalog Service, Live Search, Product Recommendations). See [Commerce Services Connector](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/user-guides/integration-services/saas) for details.
```

>   - **`Magento-Environment-Id`** - Connects the storefront to the cloud instance that serves it. See [Cloud Environment overview](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/project/overview#environment-overview) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`Magento-Environment-Id`** - Connects the storefront to the cloud instance serving it. See [Cloud Environment overview](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/project/overview#environment-overview) for details.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service (ACCS)">

Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service uses standard Adobe Commerce header naming conventions but does not require API keys or environment IDs in the default configuration.

```json
{
  "headers": {
    "all": {
      "Store": "{{STORE_VIEW_CODE}}"
    },
    "cs": {
      "Magento-Customer-Group": "{{CUSTOMER_GROUP_HASH}}",
      "Magento-Store-Code": "{{STORE_CODE}}",
      "Magento-Store-View-Code": "{{STORE_VIEW_CODE}}",
      "Magento-Website-Code": "{{WEBSITE_CODE}}"
    }
  }
}
```

**Header Scopes:**

- **`all`** - Headers applied to all GraphQL requests
  - **`Store`** - Store view code for Core GraphQL requests. See [GraphQL Headers](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/usage/headers/) for details.

> - **`cs`** - Headers specific to Catalog Service requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`cs`** - Headers for Catalog Service requests
```

  - **`Magento-Customer-Group`** - Customer group hash for pricing and tax calculations. See [Customer groups](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/customers/customer-groups) for details.

>   - **`Magento-Store-Code`** - Determines the store to connect to. See [Create stores](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-3-create-stores) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`Magento-Store-Code`** - Store to connect to. See [Create stores](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-3-create-stores) for details.
```

>   - **`Magento-Store-View-Code`** - Determines the store view for Catalog Service requests. See [Store views](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/site-store/store-views) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`Magento-Store-View-Code`** - Store view for Catalog Service requests. See [Store views](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/site-store/store-views) for details.
```

>   - **`Magento-Website-Code`** - Determines the website to connect to. See [Create websites](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-2-create-websites) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`Magento-Website-Code`** - Website to connect to. See [Create websites](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-2-create-websites) for details.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Adobe Commerce Optimizer (ACO)">

Adobe Commerce Optimizer uses different header naming conventions and requires Commerce Optimizer-specific headers as defined in the [Merchandising Services API documentation](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/using-the-api/#headers).

```json
{
  "headers": {
    "all": {
      "Store": "{{STORE_VIEW_CODE}}"
    },
    "cs": {
      "AC-Environment-Id": "{{TENANT_ID}}",
      "AC-View-ID": "{{CATALOG_VIEW_ID}}",
      "AC-Source-Locale": "{{LOCALE}}",
      "AC-Price-Book-ID": "{{PRICE_BOOK_ID}}",
      "AC-Policy-{{ATTRIBUTE_CODE}}": "{{ATTRIBUTE_VALUE}}"
    }
  }
}
```

**Header Scopes:**

- **`all`** - Headers applied to all GraphQL requests

>   - **`Store`** - Store view code for Core GraphQL requests. See [GraphQL Headers](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/usage/headers/) for details.

Reviewer: I don't think Store view code is required for ACO.

Author: we can make whatever change you request. If you are POSITIVE it is not required, we will remove it.

Reviewer 3: Correct, There is no concept of a store code in ACO.

> - **`cs`** - Headers specific to Merchandising Services API requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`cs`** - Headers applied to all GraphQL requests
```

  - **`AC-Environment-Id`** - (Required) The instance ID for the Adobe Commerce Optimizer instance. This is the tenant ID from your Commerce Optimizer instance.
  - **`AC-View-ID`** - (Required) The unique ID assigned to the catalog view that products will be sold through. You can find this in the [Adobe Commerce Optimizer UI](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/optimizer/setup/catalog-view).

>   - **`AC-Source-Locale`** - (Required) The catalog source locale (language or geography) to filter products for display, for example `en_US`. See the [catalog view configuration](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/optimizer/setup/catalog-view) to determine the correct value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **`AC-Source-Locale`** - (Required) Catalog source locale (language or geography) to filter products for display, for example `en_US`. See the [catalog view configuration](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/optimizer/setup/catalog-view) to determine the correct value.
```

  - **`AC-Price-Book-ID`** - (Optional) Defines how prices are calculated for a specific catalog view. If not included, Merchandising Services provides a default price book with currency in US dollars.
  - **`AC-Policy-{{ATTRIBUTE_CODE}}`** - (Optional) Policy trigger for filtering products by attribute. Examples include `AC-Policy-Brand:Cruz` for brand filtering. You can specify multiple policy headers per request.

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

### Analytics

> The analytics section contains store and environment metadata for tracking and reporting.

Reviewer: These values don't make sense for ACO storefronts -- seems like we should say something about that here.

Author: They may not make sense, but I have not heard yet what values SHOULD be sent, or HOW they should be sent for analytics within an ACO storefront.

Need Nadiia Syvokonenko's (gh user: `NadiyaS`) input here. 

cc @shiftedreality

Reviewer 3: Are these used for Snowplow eventing? If so, then they are still required for ACO.

Reviewer 4: for the ACO we don't have website and store, for API which require these data we hardcode it with next values
website-code="WEBSITE_CODE",
store-code="STORE_CODE"
let me find if it is documented somewhere

Author: In the ACO example config (from boilerplate-aco site) we have store-code set to the "ac-price-book-id" header value. Is that wrong?

Author: I just pushed a change which refactors the analytics section. Now there are two tabs - one for ACCS/PaaS, one for ACO. Please check the ACO section. I have already modified the example and the definition to explain the hardcoded value. I could use some help with the other values, and giving reference to _how_ a user would get them.

Reviewer 4: @sirugh you mean store-code is hardcoded to that value? That is really looks wrong.
as an example with commerce events (see [here](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-events/blob/main/packages/storefront-events-collector/src/utils/ccdm.ts)) we set source-locale value to **store-view-code** and hardcode  **webside-code** and **store-code**

Author: I [updated them](https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/pull/491/files#diff-575547c93064704a00ea0776ef23cd69bba41815dfd135e56b6b4611a01286ecR247) based on the above. 

```
website-code="WEBSITE_CODE",
store-code="STORE_CODE"
```
And you are saying that we also need to set `"store-view-code": sourceLocale`?

Reviewer 4: As we don’t have a store-view-code, but we have the catalog source (source locale), this value needs to be set there

> The analytics section contains store and environment metadata used for tracking and reporting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The analytics section contains store and environment metadata for tracking and reporting.
```

    "store-view-id": {{STORE_VIEW_ID}},
    "store-view-name": "{{STORE_VIEW_NAME}}",
    "website-code": "{{WEBSITE_CODE}}",
    "website-id": {{WEBSITE_ID}},
    "website-name": "{{WEBSITE_NAME}}"
  }
}
```

**Configuration Properties:**

- **`base-currency-code`** - The base currency code for the store (e.g., "USD", "EUR")
- **`environment`** - Environment type ("Production", "Testing")
- **`environment-id`** - Unique identifier for the Commerce environment
- **`store-code`** - Code identifier for the store
- **`store-id`** - Numeric ID for the store
- **`store-name`** - Display name for the store
- **`store-url`** - Base URL for the store
- **`store-view-code`** - Code identifier for the store view
- **`store-view-id`** - Numeric ID for the store view
- **`store-view-name`** - Display name for the store view
- **`website-code`** - Code identifier for the website
- **`website-id`** - Numeric ID for the website
- **`website-name`** - Display name for the website

### Plugins

The plugins section configures various Commerce plugins and features.

```json
{
  "plugins": {
    "picker": {
      "rootCategory": "{{ROOT_CATEGORY_ID}}"
    }
  }
}
```

**Configuration Properties:**

> - **`picker.rootCategory`** - The root category ID for the product picker. This determines which category serves as the starting point when browsing products in the Commerce interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`picker.rootCategory`** - Root category ID for the product picker. This determines which category serves as the starting point when browsing products in the Commerce interface.
```

### Multistore

> The multistore section manages configurations for multiple store views and internationalization. This allows you to have different configurations for different locales or store views. Each non-"default" configuration will be merged with the default at runtime and used for the corresponding locale or store view. For example, the below would serve as a basis for configuration for the site at aemshop.net/fr.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The multistore section manages configurations for multiple store views and internationalization. This allows different configurations for different locales or store views. Each non-"default" configuration will be merged with the default at runtime and used for the corresponding locale or store view. For example, the below would serve as a basis for configuration for the site at aemshop.net/fr.
```

```json
{
  "/fr/": {
    "headers": {
      "all": {
        "Store": "{{FRENCH_STORE_VIEW_CODE}}"
      },
      "cs": {
        "Magento-Store-Code": "{{FRENCH_STORE_CODE}}",
        "Magento-Website-Code": "{{FRENCH_WEBSITE_CODE}}",
        "Magento-Store-View-Code": "{{FRENCH_STORE_VIEW_CODE}}"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

**Configuration Properties:**

- **Path-based configuration** - Use URL paths (like `/fr/`, `/de/`, etc.) to define locale-specific or store-specific overrides
- **Header overrides** - Override default headers for specific store views
- **Store context** - Define different store, website, and store view codes for each locale

### Additional Configuration Options

> Some configuration options can be set to enable/disable certain features of the boilerplate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some configuration options can be set to enable or disable certain boilerplate features.
```

  - **`Magento-Store-View-Code`** - Store view for Catalog Service requests. See [Store views](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/site-store/store-views) for details.
  - **`Magento-Website-Code`** - Website to connect to. See [Create websites](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-2-create-websites) for details.

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Adobe Commerce Optimizer (ACO)">

Adobe Commerce Optimizer uses different header naming conventions and requires Commerce Optimizer-specific headers as defined in the [Merchandising Services API documentation](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/using-the-api/#headers).

```json
{
  "headers": {
    "all": {
      "Store": "{{STORE_VIEW_CODE}}"
    },
    "cs": {
      "AC-Environment-Id": "{{TENANT_ID}}",
      "AC-View-ID": "{{CATALOG_VIEW_ID}}",
      "AC-Source-Locale": "{{LOCALE}}",
      "AC-Price-Book-ID": "{{PRICE_BOOK_ID}}",

>       "AC-Policy-{{ATTRIBUTE_CODE}}": "{{ATTRIBUTE_VALUE}}"

Reviewer 3: This _could_ be an attribute code, but we should probably align more with what the [docs say](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/using-the-api/#headers): `AC-Policy-{*}`. This is actually the _name_ of the policy's trigger as defined in the UI. It likely will be the attribute name (or some form of it) but it can be whatever the user defines. 

<img width="516" height="337" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb4b74d1-c8fb-4992-83d3-dbb5384c84ec" />

Author: Do we enforce `AC-Policy` in the name at least? Or is the entire trigger a wildcard?

Reviewer 3: Yes the `AC-Policy-`prefix is enforced

    }
  }
}
```

**Header Scopes:**

- **`all`** - Headers applied to all GraphQL requests
  - **`Store`** - Store view code for Core GraphQL requests. See [GraphQL Headers](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/usage/headers/) for details.

- **`cs`** - Headers applied to all GraphQL requests

>   - **`AC-Environment-Id`** - (Required) The instance ID for the Adobe Commerce Optimizer instance. This is the tenant ID from your Commerce Optimizer instance.

Reviewer 3: I believe this is required now due to a bug, but it really shouldn't be as the value is also in the URL. 

See https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/COMOPT-1021 which I see is currently being deployed so I expect this to be resolved soon.

Author: Let's open a followup PR to remove from docs once the bug is fixed.

### Endpoints

The endpoints properties define the GraphQL API endpoints for your Commerce backend.

```json
{
  "commerce-core-endpoint": "{{COMMERCE_CORE_ENDPOINT}}",
  "commerce-endpoint": "{{COMMERCE_ENDPOINT}}"
}
```

**Configuration Properties:**

- **`commerce-core-endpoint`** (read/write) - Core GraphQL endpoint for queries and mutations. This endpoint handles all write operations and some read operations. See [Adobe Commerce GraphQL API](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/reference/) for details.

- **`commerce-endpoint`** (read-only) - Services GraphQL endpoint optimized for read-only operations with Catalog Service, Live Search, and Product Recommendations. It is also optimized for performance for product data retrieval. For details, see the following documentation:
   - For Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, see [Catalog Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/catalog-service/installation#access-the-service) for details.

>    - For Adobe Commerce Optimizer, see [Merchandising Services](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For Adobe Commerce Optimizer, see [Merchandising Services](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/).
```

>    - For Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, see [Catalog Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/catalog-service/installation#access-the-service) for details.
>    - For Adobe Commerce Optimizer, see [Merchandising Services](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, see the [Catalog Service Guide](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/catalog-service/installation#access-the-service).
   - For Adobe Commerce Optimizer, see the [Merchandising Services Developer Guide](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/using-the-api/#base-url)
```

- **`cs`** - Headers for Catalog Service requests
  - **`Magento-Store-Code`** - Store to connect to. See [Create stores](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-3-create-stores) for details.
  - **`Magento-Store-View-Code`** - Store view for Catalog Service requests. See [Store views](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/site-store/store-views) for details.
  - **`Magento-Website-Code`** - Website to connect to. See [Create websites](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/configuration-guide/multi-sites/ms-admin#step-2-create-websites) for details.

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Adobe Commerce Optimizer (ACO)">

Adobe Commerce Optimizer uses different header naming conventions and requires Commerce Optimizer-specific headers as defined in the [Merchandising Services API documentation](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/using-the-api/#headers).

```json
{
  "headers": {
    "cs": {
      "AC-View-ID": "{{CATALOG_VIEW_ID}}",

>       "AC-Source-Locale": "{{LOCALE}}",

Reviewer: I would leave AC-Environment-ID here for now until it has been tested.  It won't hurt to have it, but if it's missing, it can break the configuration.

      "AC-Policy-{{*}}": "{{ATTRIBUTE_VALUE}}"
    }
  }
}
```

**Header Scopes:**

- **`cs`** - Headers applied to all GraphQL requests
  - **`AC-View-ID`** - (Required) The unique ID assigned to the catalog view that products will be sold through. You can find this in the [Adobe Commerce Optimizer UI](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/optimizer/setup/catalog-view).
  - **`AC-Source-Locale`** - (Required) Catalog source locale (language or geography) to filter products for display, for example `en_US`. See the [catalog view configuration](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/optimizer/setup/catalog-view) to determine the correct value.
  - **`AC-Price-Book-ID`** - (Optional) Defines how prices are calculated for a specific catalog view. If not included, Merchandising Services provides a default price book with currency in US dollars.
  - **`AC-Policy-{{*}}`** - (Optional) Policy trigger for filtering products by attribute. The header should match the "name" of the trigger. For example, `AC-Policy-Brand:Cruz` for brand filtering using "Cruz". You can specify multiple policy headers per request.

:::note[Troubleshooting ACO Headers]

> **Warning:** There is currently a bug (being resolved) that may require adding the `AC-Environment-ID` header in some ACO configurations. If you have all the requisite ACO headers configured correctly and are still experiencing problems, you may need to add this header:

Reviewer: OK -- good.  Hmm... on second thought--I think it's better to just leave Environment-ID and source locale until we are sure that the fixes are implemented in staging and production environments.   It won't hurt to have these values.

Author: We can change the behavior of the config generator and site creator after the fix, but the docs should at least be "valid". I will leave this as is.

}
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Step-by-step

> We'll use a mock PDP / Catalog Service block as an example of where and how to utilize the various config utilities and values. This example demonstrates how to access the configuration sections we detailed above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We'll use a mock PDP / Catalog Service block to demonstrate how to utilize the config utilities and values. This example shows how to access the configuration sections detailed above.
```

<Tasks>

<Task>

### Import the configuration functions.

First, import the `getConfigValue` and `getHeaders` functions from your boilerplate's `scripts/configs.js` file.

```javascript
import { getConfigValue, getHeaders } from '../../scripts/configs.js';
```

</Task>

<Task>

### Access endpoint configuration.

> Use the `getConfigValue` function to retrieve endpoint URLs from the configuration. This function takes a dot-notation path that matches the keys in your `config.json` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `getConfigValue` function to retrieve endpoint URLs from the configuration. This function takes a dot-notation path that matches the keys in your `config.json`.
```

## Summary

> The Commerce configuration provides a structured approach to connecting your storefront to Adobe Commerce backends. By organizing settings into clear sections for endpoints, headers, analytics, plugins, and multistore configurations, you can easily customize your storefront for different Commerce environments. The configuration system supports Adobe Commerce (PaaS), Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service (ACCS), and Adobe Commerce Optimizer (ACO), each with their specific header requirements and authentication methods. Use the `getConfigValue` and `getHeaders` helper functions to access these settings in your Commerce blocks, ensuring consistent and maintainable integration with your Commerce backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Commerce configuration provides a structured approach to connecting your storefront to Adobe Commerce backends. By organizing settings into clear sections for endpoints, headers, analytics, plugins, and multistore configurations, you can easily customize your storefront for different Commerce environments. The configuration system supports Adobe Commerce (PaaS), Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service (ACCS), and Adobe Commerce Optimizer (ACO), each with specific header requirements and authentication methods. Use the `getConfigValue` and `getHeaders` helper functions to access these settings in your Commerce blocks, ensuring consistent and maintainable integration with your Commerce backend.
```
